The Angry Birds Secondary Market
Published on July 12, 2010.
So I was searching for Angry Birds on iTunes in order to get the link for it.
I’ve already bought the game, and it’s an awesome one for $1.
I noticed that there are a number of “Angry Bird” apps, but only two of them are the original.
Angry Birds and the lite demo version.
The others are all either cheat/walkthrough guides, or random knockoffs.
The insane thing is that the price of the actual game is $1, and so are the knockoffs!
You can buy the game for the same amount as an unauthorized guide, which has information freely that’s available online!
The craziest one is the app called “The Angry Bird,” which has an angry looking bird trying to kill worms or something.
I am assuming all of these apps are legal under fair use and whatnot (if they’re only stating facts), yet something tells me they could be violating trademark rules…
I wonder if other popular apps have this same kind of thing happening to them.
And I wonder if the developers of Angry Birds are bothered by it.
If they got angry enough, they might be able to make a spinoff game called “Angry Developers of Angry Birds.”